Document how to get an HttpClient when singletons are eagerly initialised (#716)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-test: src/main/docs/guide/introduction.adoc

These annotations use internal Micronaut features and do not mock any part of Micronaut itself. When you run a test within `@MicronautTest` it is running your real application.

In some tests you may need a reference to the `ApplicationContext` and/or the `EmbeddedServer` (for example, to create an instance of an `HttpClient`). Rather than defining these as properties of the test (such as a `@Shared` property in Spock), when using `@MicronautTest` you can reference the server/context that was started up for you, and inject them directly in your test.

[source,groovy]
----
@Inject
EmbeddedServer server //refers to the server that was started up for this test suite

@Inject
ApplicationContext context //refers to the current application context within the scope of the test
----

### Eager Singleton Initialization

> If you enable https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#eagerInit[eager singleton initialization] in your application, Micronaut will eagerly initialize all singletons at startup time. This can be useful for applications that need to perform some initialization at startup time, such as registering a bean with a third party library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#eagerInit[eager singleton initialization] in your application, Micronaut Framework initializes eagerly all singletons at startup time. This can be useful for applications that need to perform some initialization at startup time, such as registering a bean with a third party library.
```

Author: "eagerly initializes", pushed here https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-test/pull/716/commits/f494c6638b9fc80985ce297f5fb688aadc5dbf52 🤞

Reviewer 2: "eagerly initialises" 🇬🇧 

😜
